c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.exe.config
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.BuscPedido.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Form1.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Form_login.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarClientePedido.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscardeuda.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarFactura.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarPaquete.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarProducto.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarProductoPedido.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarPromociones.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscartcredi.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscImpuesto.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmbuscliente.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmbusclistaprecio.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscProdDev.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscTipoPrecio.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmcliente.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmCotizacion.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmCotizacion_.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataCliente.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataDeuda.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Devoluciones.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataFactura.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataFormaPago.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataImpuesto.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataListadoPrecio.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataOperacion.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataParmFact.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataPedido.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataTipoCredito.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDescontando.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmdeuda.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDevolucion.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmFactura.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmFormaDePago.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmImpuesto.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmListadoPrecio.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmoperacion.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmParametrosFact.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmPedidos.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmRegistroContribuyente.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmTipocredito.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frm_Buscartp.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frm_BusFol.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frm_cotizaciones.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frm_EliminarPedido.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Frm_Login.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.MDIParent1.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.menu_seguridad.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Navegador.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.TipoPrecio.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.exe
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.pdb
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\dllconsultas.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\dll_grafica.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\FuncionesNavegador.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\seguridad.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\FlashControlV71.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Form2.resources
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.exe
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.pdb
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.exe.manifest
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.application
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.exe.manifest
c:\users\alejandro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.application
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\Abrir.exe
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.csproj.cuentas_corrientes.exe.config
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.exe.config
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.exe
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.pdb
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.BuscPedido.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Form2.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Form_login.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarClientePedido.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscardeuda.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarFactura.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarPaquete.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarProducto.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarProductoPedido.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscarPromociones.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscartcredi.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscImpuesto.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmbuscliente.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmbusclistaprecio.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscProdDev.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmBuscTipoPrecio.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmcliente.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmCotizacion.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmCotizacion_.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataCliente.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataDeuda.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Devoluciones.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataFactura.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataFormaPago.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataImpuesto.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataListadoPrecio.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataOperacion.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataParmFact.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataPedido.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDataTipoCredito.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDescontando.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmdeuda.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmDevolucion.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmFactura.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmFormaDePago.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmImpuesto.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmListadoPrecio.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmoperacion.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmParametrosFact.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmPedidos.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmRegistroContribuyente.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frmTipocredito.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frm_Buscartp.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frm_BusFol.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frm_cotizaciones.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.frm_EliminarPedido.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Frm_Login.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.MDIParent1.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.menu_seguridad.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Navegador.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.TipoPrecio.resources
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.application
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.exe
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.pdb
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\dllconsultas.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\dll_grafica.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\FuncionesNavegador.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\seguridad.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Windows.Forms.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\FlashControlV71.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ALEJANDRO\Desktop\Entrega-Final\cuentas_corrientes\cuentas_corrientes\obj\Debug\cuentas_corrientes.application
